Coming soon to the stunning Tottenham Experience will be a range of visitor attractions available throughout the year, including Stadium Tours, our unique Sky Walk, the Museum and Club Archive. Located on the High Road, the Tottenham Experience is also home to our new Spurs Shop – the largest retail space of any football club in Europe.

Our visitor attractions are still to come but Gift Vouchers for our guided Stadium Tours are now available to buy. Get yours now to ensure your recipient is one of the first to go behind the scenes at our new home. Gift Vouchers will be valid for a year from the public opening date of Guided Stadium Tours and can be redeemed online once tickets go on sale.


Tour1
Explore: Stadium Tours at the Tottenham Experience
Get to know our new home in our fantastic behind-the-scenes stadium tour. Throughout this fully guided 90 minute tour, you will get to experience the player journey. Sit in the home changing room, walk out of the players tunnel, go pitchside, see the view from the dugout and much, much more.


Tour 2
Dare: Sky Walk at the Tottenham Experience
Do you dare to experience the spectacular Sky Walk? An adrenaline-filled attraction where you scale the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and step on the glass walkway 40 metres above the pitch. Take in views of London before you test your nerve by taking the ultimate challenge – an abseil from the stadium roof to ground level.


Tour 3
Discover: Museum and Club Archive at the Tottenham Experience
Our Museum and Club Archive will tell the story of Spurs right in the heart of Tottenham, where the Club was originally founded. The Museum will be home to never seen before Club artefacts and tells Spurs' rich history through interpretive media and interactive displays. Uncover moments from our past, test your knowledge and share experiences in our interactive fan wall.

The Club's historic Archive will be housed in the renovated and restored Grade II listed Warmington House, where for the first time in Club history, our vast collection of artefacts and records will be accessible to all. Admission for both attractions is free – once open, the Spurs Museum and Archive will be a must for any Spurs fan.

MY TEXT:
1. The Stadium Tour
• Get behind the scenes
• Check out the dressing rooms
• Walk the players' walk out onto the pitch
• Sit in the dugout
• And much more ...

2. Museum and Club Archive Tour

3. The Sky Walk Tour